KOGITO-4337: PostgreSQL persistence support for Job Service (#3460)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/release-notes/chap-kogito-release-notes.adoc

=== {PRODUCT} supporting services

==== Support PostgreSQL persistence for Jobs Service

> You can now configure the {PRODUCT} Jobs Service to use https://www.postgresql.org/[PostgreSQL] for persistence storage instead of in-memory or Infinispan persistence. You'll need to have PostgreSQL installed and running before enabling the persistence for Jobs Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now configure the {PRODUCT} Jobs Service to use https://www.postgresql.org/[PostgreSQL] for persistence storage as an alternative to in-memory or Infinispan persistence. You need to have PostgreSQL installed and running before enabling the persistence for Jobs Service.
```

With this enhancement, the https://repository.jboss.org/org/kie/kogito/jobs-service/[`jobs-service`] artifact is deprecated and the following new artifacts are available:

> * https://repository.jboss.org/org/kie/kogito/jobs-service-common/[`jobs-service-common`]: Use this artifact to run Jobs Service with in-memory persistence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://repository.jboss.org/org/kie/kogito/jobs-service-common/[`jobs-service-common`]: Use this artifact to run Jobs Service with in-memory persistence
```

> * https://repository.jboss.org/org/kie/kogito/jobs-service-infinispan/[`jobs-service-infinispan`]: Use this artifact to run Jobs Service with Infinispan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://repository.jboss.org/org/kie/kogito/jobs-service-infinispan/[`jobs-service-infinispan`]: Use this artifact to run Jobs Service with Infinispan
```

> * https://repository.jboss.org/org/kie/kogito/jobs-service-postgresql/[`jobs-service-postgresql`]: Use this artifact to run Jobs Service with PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://repository.jboss.org/org/kie/kogito/jobs-service-postgresql/[`jobs-service-postgresql`]: Use this artifact to run Jobs Service with PostgreSQL
```

> With this enhancement, property `kogito.jobs-service.persistence` for Jobs Service is deprecated. Different artifacts are built to support different types of persistence for Jobs Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this enhancement, `kogito.jobs-service.persistence` property for Jobs Service is deprecated. There are different artifacts that are built to support different types of persistence for the Jobs Service.
```
